list of the actuators:
2 motors
1 motor for  the temperature sensor

list of the sensors:
1 lamp
1 temperature sensor
2 light sensors
1 color sensor
1 ultra sonar sensor
2 touch sensors

There can be 3 actuators and 4 sensors on 1 brick.
Since it is vital that the motor does not fall off the table, we want that the communication between the light sensors and the motors does happen via bluetooth. Also bumping against a rock is an important issue such that it seems to be useful to connect the touch sensors also directly with the master brick.

Since the color sensor, the motor for the temperature sensor and the temperature sensor all have to do with the same functionality, it would seem logical to put these sensors and actuators on the same brick. Also the measurement of the distance with the ultra sonar sensor is not crucial it is logic to put them on the brick for the measurements.

Brick 1 (Master): crucial processes (driving without bumping or falling off the table)
Motor 1
Motor 2
...
Light 1
Light 2
touch 1
touch 2


Brick 2: measurements (color of a lake, temperature and distance detection)
Motor Temperature 
...
Temperature 
ultra sonar 
color 


Use case:
Robot wanders around the area without falling off the black table, the borders are marked with a white line.
We need both motors and both the light sensors.

On detection of a colored lake, the robot lowers the temperature sensor and measures the temperature and store it with the color of the lake.
We need the color detector, the motor for the temperature sensor and the temperature sensor itself.

Robot wanders around the area, without bumping into objects.
We need both motors and the two touch sensors and the sonar sensor. /*The touch sensors are for the situation that the sonar missed something, so it could be an advantage to put the sonar also on the brick of the motors. The communication with the sonar does not have to be instantaneous, so we could use bluetooth, but it seems not the best thing to do.*/

If the robot finished the measurement of the last lake it stops wandering and shows the table with the temperatures of all lakes on his display. 

If the robot detects a rock with the ultra sonar sensor, it changes the direction and makes a bend to avoid bumping the rock.

If the robot bumps against a rock, the robot should stop both motors immediately. After stopping the robot should go back straight to avoid to fall off the table during driving backwards. Afterwards the robot makes a turn to change the direction and starts again with wandering.

If the robot detects a with line of the border it goes straight backwards and makes a turn to the opposite side of the light sensor which detected the white line. 



